Clarified information about codeowners and forks. (#25050)
github/docs: content/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners.md

For code owners to receive review requests, the CODEOWNERS file must be on the base branch of the pull request. For example, if you assign `@octocat` as the code owner for *.js* files on the `gh-pages` branch of your repository, `@octocat` will receive review requests when a pull request with changes to *.js* files is opened between the head branch and `gh-pages`.

## CODEOWNERS and forks

> Asides being used to tell at a glance who is responsible for a given file, CODEOWNERS are also used for triggering review requests for a pull request that modifies an owned file.

Reviewer: I'm not so sure we need this sentence; I think it's covered in the "About code owners" section, and I think we can keep this section more focused on forks by avoiding that repetition. What do you think? 🙂 

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with dropping it.

Beyond that, I'd suggest avoiding the word `Asides`. You can sometimes use the word `beyond` or `In addition to`.

> Pull requests use the version of CODEOWNERS from the base branch of a pull request. A base branch is the branch that a pull request will modify if the pull request is merged. If the repo that you forked from is the base of your PR, then the PR will use the CODEOWNERS file from the repo that you forked from. If your PR is targeting a branch within your forked repo, then the PR will use the CODEOWNERS on that base branch in your forked repo.

Reviewer 2: @isaacmbrown 's suggestions are pretty good.

I'd note that while the text here says `owners`, it's possible they're teams instead of owners. That should be addressed (I'm not sure it is currently, but any new text should also keep that in mind).

And it isn't precisely the `same permissions` as it is `permissions that allow <whatever the minimum is for reviewing>` it might be `write` (I can't remember, but we tripped on this recently in a private repository where a user was a member of the org but their permissions were insufficient -- I could have made them an `admin` of the repository and that wouldn't be the "same" permission as other repositories, but it would still have worked).

> If you create a pull request from a fork, and the base branch is in the upstream repository, then the pull request will use the `CODEOWNERS` file from that branch in the upstream repository. If the base branch is a branch within your fork, then the pull request will use the `CODEOWNERS` file from that branch in your fork, but this will not trigger review requests on the pull request unless the same code owners exist with the same permissions as in the upstream repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a pull request from a fork, and the base branch is in the upstream repository, then the pull request will use the `CODEOWNERS` file from that branch in the upstream repository. If the base branch is a branch within your fork, then the pull request will use the `CODEOWNERS` file from that branch in your fork, but this will only trigger reviews if the code owners are added to your fork specifically with `write` access.
```

> When seeing who responsible for a file, the CODEOWNERS for whatever branch you're looking at on whatever repo you're looking at is used.

Reviewer 3: Please help

> When seeing who responsible for a file, the CODEOWNERS for whatever branch you're looking at on whatever repo you're looking at is used.

Reviewer 2: `seeing` definitely doesn't work. I don't think `When you view` works great either. Even though this file is about `CODEOWNERS`, I think it's better to say something like:

```
When you want to find accounts responsible for a file,
you can find that information in the `CODEOWNERS` file
for whichever branch in whichever repository you're looking at.
```

> When seeing who responsible for a file, the CODEOWNERS for whatever branch you're looking at on whatever repo you're looking at is used.

Reviewer: So just to clarify, this paragraph is referring to what you see when you hover over the little shield icon for a file. 

<img width="558" alt="CleanShot 2023-06-02 at 09 48 29@2x" src="https://github.com/github/docs/assets/101839405/2874f15f-f620-42d6-b4d1-d2a30d352781">

It would actually be good to specify that, @OlayinkaAtobiloye. Something like this?

> When you view who is responsible for a file by hovering over {% octicon "shield-lock" aria-label="Owned by USER or TEAM (from CODEOWNERS line NUMBER)" %}, you will see information from the `CODEOWNERS` file for whichever branch in whichever repository you're looking at.

For code owners to receive review requests, the CODEOWNERS file must be on the base branch of the pull request. For example, if you assign `@octocat` as the code owner for *.js* files on the `gh-pages` branch of your repository, `@octocat` will receive review requests when a pull request with changes to *.js* files is opened between the head branch and `gh-pages`.

## CODEOWNERS and forks

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To trigger review requests, pull requests use the version of `CODEOWNERS` from the base branch of the pull request. The base branch is the branch that a pull request will modify if the pull request is merged.

If you create a pull request from a fork, and the base branch is in the upstream repository, then the pull request will use the `CODEOWNERS` file from that branch in the upstream repository. If the base branch is a branch within your fork, then the pull request will use the `CODEOWNERS` file from that branch in your fork, but this will not trigger review requests on the pull request unless the same code owners exist with the same permissions as in the upstream repository.

> When you view who is responsible for a file, you will see information from the `CODEOWNERS` file for whichever branch in whichever repository you're looking at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you view who is responsible for a file by hovering over {% octicon "shield-lock" aria-label="Owned by USER or TEAM (from CODEOWNERS line NUMBER)" %}, you will see information from the `CODEOWNERS` file for whichever branch in whichever repository you're looking at.
```
